issue/970-streamline-setup (#995)
inmanta/vscode-inmanta: media/markdown_project_install.md

### Inmanta project install

Install all modules required for this project.

Clicking on the `Install dependencies` button will start a new terminal and run

```sh
inmanta project install
```

> More information about the inmanta project command can be found [here](https://docs.inmanta.com/inmanta-service-orchestrator/6/reference/commands.html#install_repeat1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information about the `inmanta project` command can be found [here](https://docs.inmanta.com/inmanta-service-orchestrator/latest/reference/commands.html#project).
```
